When did the reunification of East Germany and West Germany take place?
Who is the president of FIAT?
Who imposed the embargo on Iraq?
In which country is Bosnia located?
Who built the Berlin Wall?
Who is the president of the Republic of Italy?
Who is the president of the United States?
What is the capital of the Republic of South Africa?
When was the EEC founded?
How many inhabitants does Sweden have?
How many inhabitants are there in Berlin?
How much does a pill of extasy cost in Holland?
What is the name of the Dutch Prime Minister?
How many Jewish inhabitants does Israel have?
How many inhabitants does Iraq have?
How many member countries are there in the United Nations?
When did the United Nations decide to impose the embargo on Iraq?
Who is the leader of Bosnia?
When was the death penalty abolished in France?
Who is the president of the French Republic?
How long has Kim Il Sung been in power in North Korea?
How many inhabitants are there in Moscow?
What is the name of Kim Il Sung's son?
What is the score of the Italy-Norway match at the football World Cup?
When was the Republic of South Africa founded?
Who is the Yugoslavian president?
Who adopted a new constitution in Africa?
Who is the founder of the Order of the Solar Temple?
How old was Joseph di Mambro when he died?
What is the distance between the Earth and the sun?
What is the world population?
In which year did Spain enter the European Community?
Who is the president of the European Parliament?
What does GATT stand for?
How long was the Berlin Wall?
What is the name of the Chinese currency?
Who is the president of Rusia?
Who is the president of North Korea?
What is the population of Asia?
How many member countries of the European Union are there?
Where is methane extracted from?
Where did the first atomic bomb explode?
What is the capital of Russia?
In which American state is San Francisco?
In which European city is the Eiffel Tower?
Where is Vatican City?
In which ocean did the Titanic sink?
Where was Adolf Hitler born?
Who is the German economy minister?
How long is the Eurotunnel?
How many planets are there in the Solar System?
What temperature is the surface of the Sun?
What is the name of the first man who landed on the Moon?
How many employees does Air France have?
Who is John Lennon's wife?
In which city is the Delle Alpi stadium?
How many kinds of sharks are there?
What is the capital of Turkmenistan?
Who won the Tour de France?
What is Mika Kaurismäki's brother's name?
What year did Ayrton Senna die?
What year was the International Monetary Fund created?
What year was the World Bank created?
When did Austria join Schengen?
When did the first atomic bomb explode?
Who is the president of Peru?
When did the embargo on Iraq begin?
What is the capital of North Korea?
What is the capital of Ireland?
Where is Euskirchen?
exit