Who is Grace?
When is the union of East and West Germany Germany do?
Who is the president of FIAT?
Who has held the embargo to Iraq?
Bosnia is located in which country?
Who will build the Berlin wall?
Who is the president of the Republic of Italy?
Who is the president of the United States?
What is the capital of the Republic of South Africa?
When was the EEC was founded?
What is the population of Sweden?
How many people in Berlin?
How much for a pill of ecstasy in the Netherlands?
Is the name of the Prime Minister of the Netherlands?
How many Jewish residents owned Israel?
How many residents owned Iraq?
How many member states of the United Nations?
When was the United Nations decided to hold embargo to Iraq?
Who is the leader of Bosnia?
When was the death penalty erased in France?
Who is the president of the French Republic?
How long will Kim Il Sung ruled North Korea?
How many population in Moscow?
What is the name of the son of Kim Il Sung?
What is the score of the match between Italy Norway on world cup soccer?
When is the Republic of South Africa was founded?
Who is the president of Yugoslavia?
Who is in Africa adopted a new constitution?
Who is the founder of the Order of the Solar Temple?
At what age Mambro Joseph died?
What is the distance between earth and sun?
What is the population of the world?
In what is the Spanish entry into the European Community?
Who is the president of the European Parliament?
Is an extension of the GATT?
What is the length of the Berlin Wall?
What is the name of the Chinese currency?
Who is the president of Russia?
Who is the president of North Korea?
What is the population of Asia?
How many EU member states?
Of whether the extract methane?
Where the first atomic bomb explode?
Is the capital of Russia?
Which state in San Francisco?
In which city the Eiffel Tower?
Where is the Vatican?
Where the Titanic sank in the sea?
Where is Adolf Hitler born?
Who is the minister of the German economy?
What is the length of the Eurotunnel?
How many planets in the solar system?
What is the temperature of the surface of the sun?
Who was the first to land on the moon?
How many employees of Air France?
Who is the wife of John Lennon?
In which city Delle Alpi stadium?
There are how many types of sharks?
What is the capital of Turkmenistan?
Who will win the Tour de France?
Who is the brother of Mika Kaurismaki?
Which year was Ayrton Senna died?
In which year was the international monetary fund established?
In which year was the World Bank established?
When did Austria join the Schengen?
When was the first atomic bomb explode?
Who is the president of Peru?
When is the embargo to Iraq started?
Is the capital of North Korea?
Is the capital of Ireland?
Where Euskirchen?
exit